welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 11 episode 3 and
remember the best way to watch these new
episodes is on amc plus click the link
in the description to sign up now and
join in for the epic final season of the
walking dead at the end of last episode
our group was ambushed by the reapers
and it starts right off with an intense
battle sequence oh these reapers are
crazy i hope you didn't get attached to
maggie's new friends because a bunch of
them die and these reapers are like
ghosts they're very good at vanishing
into thin air our group all ends up
separated but our main characters get
away but for now it's time to check back
in on the rest of our characters in
alexandria first magna and kelly talk
remember kelly's sister connie was
trapped in the mine and they still don't
know she made it out we also get a check
in at the kids table yeah we got little
judith and her brother rj then of course
there's maggie sun herschel who seems
like a real wise kid he's been on the
road most of his life he's been through
the ringer then it's aaron who seems to
be the de facto leader here these days
his top priority is repairing the walls
carol though is like hey i'm no good at
repairing walls i've got a different
plan we've got to go out and catch the
horses that ran away carol meets up with
rosita and together with magna and kelly
they go on a girl's trip to try to
wrangle some horses first it doesn't
work out but eventually they come across
their horses running free and it's a
beautiful back to nature
post-apocalyptic moment and they manage
to get the horses into a pen where it's
like hey easy there girl oh yeah we're
friends now so the mission was a great
success finally some hope at alexandria
where people were starting to lose it
but remember people are also out of food
so right off the bat one of these horses
now i'll look away yeah carol has to
kill one right now because it's horse
steak for dinner now back to the
exciting plot maggie finds herself alone
but she makes it to the haven mall this
is theoretically her old settlement but
remember the reapers took it over and as
maggie's having a look around she lights
her lighter and oh there's one right
behind her yeah these guys are masters
of stealth but luckily maggie notices
him just in time and oh kicks him down
the stairwell soon she finds alton but
some more reapers pop out of absolutely
nowhere and they have a big fight
negan's here too he helps maggie out but
this one reaper drops a flashbang
grenade boom and once again vanished
without a trace and bad news for alton
that reaper got him pretty good he's in
bad shape they soon find some more mag's
old friends who survived this woman
agatha and duncan who seemed like a
great guy unfortunately he dies now
elsewhere father gabriel made it out too
he got stabbed in the knee but he says a
little prayer to god and yanks it out
now they managed to injure one of the
reapers so father gabriel tracks him
down and this guy's bleeding out on the
tree trunk he's praying to god too he's
like hey man i see you're a priest want
to say a prayer for me but father
gabriel's like no you tried to kill my
friends he's like hey sorry about that i
mean that's how life is now but please
give me my last rights but father
gabriel's having none of it he's like
god isn't here anymore and oh stabs this
guy yeah the reapers may have some sort
of christianity thing going because
negan maggie and alden come across this
one zombie that's been burned up but
somehow still alive they've nailed it to
a post that says judas so you know watch
out for that but now some walkers catch
up to him oh it's zombie fighting time
and oh no agatha gets bit yeah remember
this is the arm from the trailer
everyone was theorizing about turns out
it was agatha all along so negan maggie
and alden are still trying to make it to
the supplies but dalton's slowing them
down they stop at an old church to rest
and alden's like hey maggie i know i'm
slowing you guys down you gotta leave me
here now this is tough for maggie she
knows all done well remember back during
the savior war alden originally was a
savior working for negan but he
surrendered immediately like hey i want
to join the good guys and he spent the
season at hilltop with maggie they like
formed a friendship maggie tries to
blame it on negan like hey don't even
tell me i should leave him like i'm not
gonna but he's like this is your call
you've gotta make it and she knows it's
the right one she gives him a weapon and
a ration like hey lock yourself in here
we'll find you later and so now their
big group that set off on this mission
is down to just maggie and negan of
course now it's gonna be that awkward
situation where you only tolerate this
person because you have mutual friends
but now without the buffer of the
friends group it's just you two and now
that they're alone more than ever they
need each other to survive so next time
we check in with them they're going to
hash it out one way or another and
that's where episode 3 comes to an end
this season is intense you want to be
watching it and you know the best way to
watch these new episodes is on amc plus
stream each new episode ad free from any
device plus watch the episode one week
early the sunday before they've got the
special deal right now the annual plan
is just 4.99 a month so click the link
in the description and start your free
trial of amc plus now and join in for
this epic final season the beginning of
the end of the walking dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member